You fight valiantly against the hulking beast, known only from nightmarish rumors. As you spot a vital opening, you take advantage
of the opportunity and aim true, ready to end this once and for all. But no matter how strong your will may be, physical strength
can only go so far. As you are about to strike true and final, your body finally gives into the prolonged fatigue and injury you put it
through. Shakes fill your body, and you drop your weapon and collapse onto the ground in undeniable exhaustion at the worst moment possible.
You stare up at the injured Minotaur with blurry eyes, as a wicked grin smears his face. He lets out a roar as he brings his weapon up,
and you begin to close your eyes as you accept your failure.

...

But you're still breathing. You slowly open your eyes again to find your injured brother with his small dagger dug deep into the vital
point that you spotted earlier, and the Minotaur's eyes glazed over. You stare at your brother, burnt and breathing heavy, and reach towards
him, unable to move or speak. He gives you one final look and smile of love as the roof above both of you collapses in, and everything
instantly goes black.

...

Slowly, you awaken from your slumber. The light hits you first, causing you to squirm in pain for a few before you readjust to it.
Your body aches, and your vision is blurry, though you're able to surprisingly breathe just fine. You take in your surroundings:
A rather clean, upkept medical room, with a green shade sectioning off your bed from the others around. The roof is tall and made of
proper stone, and the window near you is grand. A nurse walking by notices your awakening and rushes to grab the doctor. A few moments
go by before an older man comes by with medical equipment, and he instantly begins tending to you, asking you questions.
"Do you know where you are? Your name?"
You groggily answer what you can. The doctor tells you that you're currently being taken care of in a medical bay in the kingdom of
Archenland. Eventually, as your memories come back, you shoot up as you begin rapidly asking about your brother and mother.
He stops his inspection and slowly sets his equipment down in a somber matter, before telling you he'll be back in a few moments.

Eventually, the curtain opens again, and tears instantly fill your eyes: The sight of your now-healthy mother is too much to handle
at once. She walks over with that warm, familiar smile as she kneels down next to your bed, wrapping her arms around you lightly, mindful
of your injuries.
"My sweet child. My hero."
She holds you tightly, and you notice tears cut off the rest of what she wanted to say. You try to ask what's wrong, but your injuries
shock you in pain as you try and sit up again. She instantly eases up on her grasp and helps you lay back down, smiling at you, though
tears in her eyes.

The doctor stands in the back, hands crossed. Finally, your mother speaks up again:
"...I wouldn't be here if it weren't for you... and your brother. Both of you, are truly heroes. You saved.. so many people.
My little boy... I only wish he could tell you how proud he was of you himself."
Grief and shock fills you as she pulls out your brothers charred hankerchief, and it takes a few moments before you fully process
the loss you just experienced. You begin to cry in your mothers grasp, apologizing for not being stronger, but she cuts you off.
"No, no, no. Don't you dare say anything like that. Your father... would be so, so proud of both of you. Your brother... he knew
what he was doing. As did your father. And I know... for a fact, that they'd do the same thing every time, given the decision. You
both... are true heroes, to all of us."

The doctor finally speaks up, stating: "I'm truly sorry for your loss. The medical costs are being entirely taken care of as per the king. 
He heard of your noble deeds as you slayed notorious monsters in an attempt to save your mother, and the village told the guards of your heroism 
when they finally reached your village, shocked that the threat was already quelled. We only wish we could've done more."

Your tales of heroism and your brothers deeds swell your heart with both pain and passion. You've experienced the glory and the evil
that heroism brings; though now, with your father and brother at your back, you know that you must carry on. It's what they would want.

The end.