With one last true strike, the Minotaur cries out in shock and disbelief as you outmanuever him, hitting a vital point. He drops his
weapon and stands in stubborness for a few moments before finally submitting, collapsing into the fireplace of your burning home,
sending debris flying. You take a few deep breaths before recognizing the urgency of the situation, quickly grabbing your traumatized brother
and mother with both arms and rushing out, throwing them out of the house before it caves in on top of you.

Your ears ring in pain from the battle and chaos, and you cough as dust fills your lungs. Your vision begins to darken, and your body
goes numb. The last thing you see are survivors rushing over in an attempt to aid you, and your teared-up brother fighting to reach
you.

...


Slowly, you awaken from your slumber. The light hits you first, causing you to squirm in pain for a few before you readjust to it.
Your body aches, and your vision is blurry, though you're able to surprisingly breathe just fine. You take in your surroundings:
A rather clean, upkept medical room, with a green shade sectioning off your bed from the others around. The roof is tall and made of
proper stone, and the window near you is grand. A nurse walking by notices your awakening and rushes to grab the doctor. A few moments
go by before an older man comes by with medical equipment, and he instantly begins tending to you, asking you questions.
"Do you know where you are? Your name?"
You groggily answer what you can. The doctor tells you that you're currently being taken care of in a medical bay in the kingdom of
Archenland. Eventually, as your memories come back, you shoot up as you begin rapidly asking about your brother and mother.
The doctor smiles, and urges you to lay back down, telling you he'll be back in a moment.

Eventually, the curtain opens again, and tears instantly fill your eyes: The sight of your now-healthy mother is too much to handle
at once. She walks over with that warm, familiar smile as she kneels down next to your bed, wrapping her arms around you lightly, mindful
of your injuries.
"My sweet hero. I always knew that you would take after your father, no matter how much I tried to avoid it. But I know now that
wasn't a bad thing. You saved us, and the village. He truly would be proud of you, my child".
These words bring you to even deeper tears as she comforts you. After some time, the doctor comes in with your bandaged brother in tow,
who instantly completes the family hug.

"The medical costs are being entirely taken care of as per the king. He heard of your noble deeds as you slayed notorious monsters in
an attempt to save your mother, and the village told the guards of your heroism when they finally reached your village, surprised that
the threat was already quelled."

The sight of your healthy family, and your deeds validated, fills you with a purpose you spent so very long searching for. You will
surely go down as a hero in Archenland.

Congratulations!